Add AI env opt out docs (#535)
directus/docs: content/configuration/ai.md

---
title: AI
description: Configuration for AI Chat and Model Context Protocol (MCP) features.
---

:partial{content="config-env-vars"}

## AI Chat

| Variable | Description | Default Value |
| -------- | ----------- | ------------- |

> | `AI_ENABLED` | Whether AI Chat features are available. Set to `false` to completely disable AI Chat across the entire instance, hiding the sidebar and settings from all users. | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AI_ENABLED` | Whether AI Chat features are available. Set to `false` to completely disable AI Chat across the entire instance, hiding the sidebar for all users and disabling the settings for administrators. | `true` |
```
